###  Design / improvement
Set up the outlined concept is just the first step. Our team is an expert at bringing concept into reality and enabling your design to conform to the structural details and requirements of a prefect onsite plan.
Solutions for materials
We shall bring your creative concept into real life. Our team is equipped with wide and diverse materials and related professional techniques, and shall, based on your design target, provide you with combined material solutions involving wood, metal, acrylic, glass, aluminum, melamine, veneer, plastic and other special materials. While laying stress on desired visual effect, our development experts will take into account factors such as durability, cost, practicability, project schedule in selecting materials for customers.

###  Project transformation design
We have a team of expert engineers at the head office and plant, who will use the multipoint engineering design platform to connect the internal system of the Engineering Department, share model, drawing, form board and standard component picture base, which is aimed at ensuring the continuous progress of the project. Relying on AutoCAD Mechanical, Showcase, 3D Max Design and Keyshot and other design tools and software, Caosen’s engineers will give a vivid expression to your creative design and technical details. Our responsible engineer will finish the solutions for technical input and value engineering based on design concept analysis. They are capable of converting design concept into technical and manufacturing drawing quickly, effectively and accurately for the purpose of fully preparing for sample making and formal production. Upon confirmation and inspection of finished products, we will make sure our retail display props will find perfect expression and be made the best use in your retail business.

###  Sample making
Relying on AutoCAD Mechanical, Showcase, 3D Max Design and Keyshot and other design tools and software, Caosen’s engineers will give a vivid expression to your creative design and technical details. Prototype manufacturing has always been the best method for prop design verification. In the process of drawing design, our production team will work out process improvement and recommend all-round value engineering whilst transforming complex technical drawing into vivid and full-functional sample for testing and evaluation. Our prompt design and development team is ready to convert customer’s concept into final product at all time.
